[Autogenerated] the best way to see what comprises a dot net
serverless application is by creating a brand new application
that has minimal distractions in it.
So let's start with that before heading to the A p I we've
already been working with Start by creating a new project and
from the templates filter on AWS,
you might be surprised to see that there are a number of AWS templates.
What we want is one of the serverless templates.
I definitely need to use C Sharp, not F sharp.
I'm not really adept with F Sharp.
So that brings it down to two options, one of which includes tests.
I'm choosing the one without test,
which is a ws serverless application dot net core c sharp.
Then I'll give it a name, specify location and click create,
but we're not done yet.
Now you get to choose from a list of what they call
blueprints for different flavors of templates.
Summer samples like this detect image labels,
but the blueprint we want is the a s p dot net core Web guy.
And again, thanks to my screen resolution,
you can't see the entire name, so be sure to check the description.
It says Sir Ellis A s p dot net core Web ap I.
That's the one I want. Now I'll go ahead and let Visual Studio create the project from this template.